Bevy Feathers: an opinionated widget toolkit for building Bevy tooling (#19730)
bevyengine/bevy: release-content/release-notes/feathers.md

---
title: Bevy Feathers
authors: ["@viridia"]
pull_requests: [19730]
---

> As part of our commitment to enhance the developer experience for UI creation in Bevy, we are
> pleased to introduce "Feathers" - a comprehensive widget set that offers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make it easier for Bevy engine developers and third-party tool creators to make comfortable, visually cohesive tooling,
we're pleased to introduce "Feathers" - a comprehensive widget set that offers:
```

- Standard widgets designed to match the look and feel of the planned Bevy Editor
- Components that can be leveraged to build custom editors, inspectors, and utility interfaces
- Essential UI elements including buttons, sliders, checkboxes, menu buttons, and more
- Layout containers for organizing and structuring UI elements
- Decorative elements such as icons for visual enhancement
- Robust theming support ensuring consistent visual styling across applications
- Accessibility features with built-in screen reader and assistive technology support
- Interactive cursor behavior that changes appropriately when hovering over widgets

Feathers isn't meant as a toolkit for building exciting and cool game UIs: it has a somewhat plain
and utilitarian look and feel suitable for editors and graphical utilities. That being said, using

> the themeing framework, you can spice up the colors quite a bit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the themeing framework, you can spice up the colors quite a bit.
It can also serve as a helpful base to understand how to extend and style `bevy_ui` and our new core widgets;
copy the code into your project and start hacking!
```
